chore(docs): clean up and add new content (#15003)
immich-app/immich: docs/docs/features/sharing.md

# Sharing

> Immich supports local sharing, with users on the same Immich instance and public sharing via public links.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Immich supports local sharing, with users on the same Immich instance, and public sharing via public links.
```

#### Web

<img src={require('./img/shared-album.jpeg').default} width='60%' title='Shared album option' caption='ok' />

<img src={require('./img/shared-album-user-selection.png').default} width='30%' height='100%' title='Shared album user selection' />

#### Mobile App

<img src={require('./img/shared-album-mobile.jpeg').default} width='33%' title='Shared album option' />

### Partners

Partner sharing allows you to share your _entire_ library with other users of your choice. They can then view your library and download the assets.

You can read this guide to learn more about [partner sharing](/docs/features/partner-sharing).

## Public sharing

You can create a public link to share a group of photos or videos, or an album, with anyone. The public link can be shared via email, social media, or any other method. There are a varierity of options to customize the public link, such as setting an expiration date, password protection, and more. Public shared link is handy when you want to share a group of photos or videos with someone who doesn't have an Immich account and allow the shared user to upload their photos or videos to your account.

> The public shared link is generated with a random URL, which act as the secrect of the link to avoid the link being guessed by unwanted access, for example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The public shared link is generated with a random URL, which acts as as a secret to avoid the link being guessed by unwanted parties, for instance.
```
